# TensorFlow-Salesforce-Object-Data
A working example of TensorFlow model implemented to score salesforce 

Hi All, the code in this example is a lead scoring solution for salesforce leads, using simple-salesforce library to get initial data. Model could be applied to any object, however you would need to adapt this to specific data fields that you would be using, and have some general view if that data needs to be restructured. For example, in this code reframing method does just that, reframes data so that model could focus on for example only most frequently occuring cities, while others mark as "NO_DATA" label. The same goals for countries.

For UTM terms, model tries to extract at least one business/product specific keyword and reframe data. Without reframing, when dealing with non-numerical values that are very unique for specific row, reframing is the must, otherwise model would have to map enourmous amount of data without any benefit, since there is almost no exactrepeat occurance. This obviously does not apply to non-mappable fields that contain continues values. However, standartisation and outlier removal is a must. Right now model identifies by looking at outliers that differ two standard deviations from the mean. In real time scenarios, its good to inspect data manual.

And Last but not least, I have tried to make sure that model when evaluates new real world data, it uses the same outlier specification as during learning, as well as using the same mapping as used during learning, except reframing UTM terms by looking whether specific keyword has appeared. This approach makes sure the model sticks as close as possible to assumtions made during evaluation. In terms ooperation, looper object makes sure its forever loop and checks each hour for new leads, and where you can specify when model should evaluate itself. In this case its 30 days, where looper will remove LeadScoring object and reacreate it, except, i would do initial all lead scoring as done during first launch. Again, it has to be adapted, but I assume 80-90% of code is reusable. Hopefully this could be developed into fully adaptable solution, perhaps using GUI of some sort, and other automation. 
